Step by step process
1) Firstly the raw data was analysed and cleaned. Data Cleaning process was as follows:
In the raw data, there was no "OUTCOME" column in the dataset which told us that which team had won the game.

2) I used Excel's IF function to create a formula to determine a winner from the matches
The formula was as follows: =IF(F2 > G2, A2, IF(F2 < G2, B2, "Draw"))

3) Then just before fixing few data type issues with the dates, I realised that there were no underscores between the column headings
I figured it will be easier to work if the column headings had underscore in between the spaces.
I used a nested trim and substitute formula and it was as follows: =SUBSTITUTE(TRIM(A1)," ","_"‎)

4) There after the dataset was imported in Microsoft SQL Server for further analysis:
I had already set few deliverables, some of them were as follows:
a) Average Possession by Top 10 Teams
b) Most Fouls Committed by Top 10 Teams
c) Goal Conversion Rate based on Goals Scored and Attempts on Target
d) Total Goals Inside the Box vs. Outside the Box

5) Each deliverable was presented by experimenting here and there with sql functions. 
PS: I used UNION ALL quite a lot of times since the complexitiy of the data.

6) Since, it was my first time using Power BI, I had no idea how to import multiple queries via DirectImport feature.

7) Therefore, to tackle that situtation I imported all the respected queries indivitually and renamed each of the 
imported table in Power BI.

8) I fiddled around with the chart types and realised that having 32 teams or 32 different variables was quite a large number.
I decided to limit to top 10 countries. So I went back to the DirectImport feature and edited source which opened the PowerQuery feature where I updated my code by adding "TOP 10" after select. I did this for each table.

9) Thereafter I made all the required changes and created a dashboard after creating a visual for each of the deliverable I had set.

10) Personally, I really enjoyed doing this project and it was a perfect way to learn quite intesively about SQL, POWER BI and had an amazing opportunity to develop my analytical skills.

